briehoven - character name, for the character select screen (if we get round to doing one)

cheese  - the sound effect whenever the rat touches/pickups a piece of cheese in a level. 
sound can be synced with the instant collision happens, and it dissapears.

crumble 1 - the sound when a rat first lands/walks onto a crumble block. (when contact is first made with them,
I assume they will change visuals from crumble1 to crumble2?)

crumble 2 - the crumble block changing from crumble2 to crumble3

crumble 3 - to play once the crumble block has either vanished/or fallen down to the ground/however
you wanted to have them behave. having them fall would be more forgiving for the player but
harder to prgram presumably. because then youd need to deciede to have them go down fully offscreen
or land on some surface at the bottom. = thats a *Jane* decision!

cymbal - during gameplay, whenever this key is hit (and it is NOT part of the active controls at that time) this sound will play on keys Q U G C

drum - whenevr something touches the drum graphic in level. so can be a thin/thick drumstick hazard hitting it. or the character jumping onto it.

duff note - youve two options here on how to implement. Whenever a duff note enemy spawns, this sound could play.
Or the duff note simply being on screen, could repeat this noise on a timed interval
e.g every 2, or 3 seconds. 

jumping - sound plays whenever the character jumps

lose  - sound plays whenever character dies. so from touching a duff note, landing on spikes,
falling down a hole, getting crushed by a block etc. 

menu 1 - happiest menu sound, so save for very positive menu selections, such as.
hitting Play, selecting a character, and hitting the button to confirm the high score at the end.

menu 2 - moderate menu noise. so for selecting, instructions, credits, flipping between pages, etc

menu 3 - this could be for hitting the `back` button on menus

mouseart - character name, for the character select screen (if we get round to doing one)

rat hurt - whenever the character dies

rat land - noise made whenever rat lands on the ground

ratmininoff - character name, for the character select screen (if we get round to doing one)

recorder - during gameplay, whenever this key is hit (and it is NOT part of the active controls at that time) this sound will play on keys T P K S B

sheet music - whenever a sheet music pickup is touched. behave in the same way as the aforementioned cheese pickup

string grind - whenever the strings graphic changes to its rainbow state, have this sound play. 
and stop once the player gets off it

thick drumstick - whenever the big white drumstick hits the ground (frame 4) have this sound play.

thin drumstick - whenever that thin wooden drumstick hits the ground on frame 4, have this sound play

triangle - during gameplay, whenever this key is hit (and it is NOT part of the active controls at that time) this sound will play on keys E O F H X M 

trombone - during gameplay, whenever this key is hit (and it is NOT part of the active controls at that time) this sound will play on keys W I D J Z 

violin - during gameplay, whenever this key is hit (and it is NOT part of the active controls at that time) this sound will play on keys R Y A L V N 

win - whenever the rat makes it to the "end" rat hole at the end, have this play.
